README.md, before:

# Onetime

Create shareable timers and control them remotely.

![Screenshot 2021-06-10 at 21:26:33](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9462036/121592446-97ddc080-ca32-11eb-93e3-85c63f5395c3.png)

## Technology
React, Node.js, Express, Socket.IO.

## Motivation

This is the successor to a [similar project](https://github.com/danielireson/oneclock) that was originally built for use at a conference for sharing speaker timings across the compère and AV staff. I decided to rewrite the application to drop the Firebase dependency.

## Development

```shell
# install dependencies
npm install

# start servers
npm start
```

This starts the React dev server and Express server and watches for changes.

## Production

```shell
# install dependencies
npm install

# start server
npm run prod
```

This builds the client app and starts the Express server in production mode. A Dockerfile has also been included for building and launching the app in container environments.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

docs: add zoom game usage

README.md, after:

# Onetime

Create shareable timers and control them remotely.

![Screenshot 2021-06-10 at 21:26:33](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9462036/121592446-97ddc080-ca32-11eb-93e3-85c63f5395c3.png)

## Technology
React, Node.js, Express, Socket.IO.

## Motivation

This is the successor to a [similar project](https://github.com/danielireson/oneclock) that was originally built for use at a conference for sharing speaker timings across the compère and AV staff. I decided to rewrite the application to drop the Firebase dependency. More recently I've used this app over Zoom games during COVID-19 lockdowns to manage round times with players. Because timers can be loaded on separate devices it means the Zoom video chat can stay fullscreen (in contrast to a screenshare setup).

## Development

```shell
# install dependencies
npm install

# start servers
npm start
```

This starts the React dev server and Express server and watches for changes.

## Production

```shell
# install dependencies
npm install

# start server
npm run prod
```

This builds the client app and starts the Express server in production mode. A Dockerfile has also been included for building and launching the app in container environments.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
